# KTaint: A Taint Analyzer for an Imperative  Programming Language in the $\mathbb{K}$ Framework

The $\mathbb{K}$ framework is a rewrite logic-based framework for defining programming language semantics suitable for formal reasoning about programs and programming languages. In this paper, we present \textsf{K-Taint}, a rewriting logic-based executable semantics in the $\mathbb{K}$ framework for taint analysis of an imperative  programming language. Our $\mathbb{K}$ semantics can be seen as a sound approximation of programs semantics in the corresponding security type domain.  More specifically, as a foundation to this objective, we extend to the case of taint analysis the semantically sound flow-sensitive security type system by Hunt and Sands, considering a support to the interprocedural analysis as well. 
%The soundness of \textsf{K-Taint} relies on the soundness of the security type system.  
%The semantics (or rewriting) rules respecting the security type system are defined in the $\mathbb{K}$ framework so as to capture taint information propagation along all possible program paths, yielding a conservative and flow-sensitive taint analysis. 
With respect to the existing methods, \textsf{K-Taint} supports context- and flow-sensitive analysis, reduces false alarms, and provides a scalable solution. Experimental evaluation on several benchmark codes demonstrates encouraging results as an improvement in the precision of the analysis.
%We present experimental evaluation results to establish the effectiveness of our approach. Experiments demonstrate that our technique improves the precision w.r.t. the existing works by reducing false alarms.
